Presentation: Support class-based property categories under custom ones (#5678)
iTwin/itwinjs-core: docs/changehistory/NextVersion.md

  - [Smaller edge encoding](#smaller-edge-encoding)
- [Presentation](#presentation)
 - [Renderer, editor and category on calculated properties](#renderer-editor-and-category-on-calculated-properties)

>  - [Class property categories under custom custom categories](#class-property-categories-under-custom-categories)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - [Class property categories under custom categories](#class-property-categories-under-custom-categories)
```

Previously, the [calculated properties specification](../presentation/content/CalculatedPropertiesSpecification.md) only allowed specifying property [label](../presentation/content/CalculatedPropertiesSpecification.md#attribute-label) and [value](../presentation/content/CalculatedPropertiesSpecification.md#attribute-value). Now the specification has an ability to assign [renderer](../presentation/content/CalculatedPropertiesSpecification.md#attribute-renderer), [editor](../presentation/content/CalculatedPropertiesSpecification.md#attribute-editor) and [category](../presentation/content/CalculatedPropertiesSpecification.md#attribute-categoryid) to calculated properties.

### Class property categories under custom categories

> Now when assigning [`categoryId`](../presentation/content/PropertySpecification.md#attribute-categoryid) a custom category, the `Id` category identifier will have an attribute `createClassCategory`, which specifies whether the class category should be created under the custom category or not. See [property categorization](../presentation/content/PropertyCategorization.md#creating-class-categories-under-custom-ones) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now when moving property into a different category using [`categoryId`](../presentation/content/PropertySpecification.md#attribute-categoryid), [IdCategoryIdentifier]($presentation-common) have a new attribute `createClassCategory` which specifies whether an additional class category should be created under the category pointed to by the [IdCategoryIdentifier.categoryId]($presentation-common) or not. See [property categorization](../presentation/content/PropertyCategorization.md#creating-class-categories-under-custom-ones) for more details.
```

Author: fixed
